README.md, before:

# Gluon Converter
Convert MXNet-Gluon model to Caffe.

## Requirements      
* python >= 3.6 (**f-string** is used in codes)
* mxnet
* gluoncv
* numpy
* caffe(optional)

## Usage
1. Construct your gluon model, for example     
    ```python
    from gluoncv import resnet18_v1
    net = resnet18_v1(pretrained=True)
    ```
2. Convert it to caffe NetParamert, for example    
    ```python
    from convert import convert_model
    text_net, binary_weights = convert_model(net, input_shape=(1,3,224,224), softmax=False)
    ```      
    **if you want to convert a ssd-like model in [gluoncv](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv), please use `convert_ssd_model` API but not `convert_model`.**
3. Save to files, for example
    ```python
    from convert import save_model
    save_model(text_net, binary_weights, prefix="tmp/resnet18_v1")
    ``` 

### How do I convert a ssd-like model?    
1. To fetch attributes needed by `PriorBox` and `DetectionOutput` layers, `convert_ssd_model` will extract them from [gluon-net](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv/blob/master/gluoncv/model_zoo/ssd/ssd.py#L18) and [anchors](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv/blob/276ffba742d4cfe51336a76b702647c52ebb6ee0/gluoncv/model_zoo/ssd/anchor.py#L9), [box_decoder](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv/blob/276ffba742d4cfe51336a76b702647c52ebb6ee0/gluoncv/nn/coder.py#L204), [class_decoder](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv/blob/276ffba742d4cfe51336a76b702647c52ebb6ee0/gluoncv/nn/coder.py#L329) in it. 
2. Before convert symbols to caffemodel, fake symbols for priorbox and detction_output are added into the origin symbols.
3. Since `step` could not be extract from anchors in gluon-net, it will be setted by default in caffe (step=img_size/layer_size, refer to [caffe-ssd/prior_box_layer.cpp](https://github.com/weiliu89/caffe/blob/ssd/src/caffe/layers/prior_box_layer.cpp#L133-L135)).

I've tested the ssd models converted from gluoncv on [caffe-ssd](https://github.com/weiliu89/caffe/tree/ssd) and [ncnn](https://github.com/Tencent/ncnn) and they works well.

### How to convert MobileNetv2?       
`ReLU6` is one of components in MobileNetv2, which is implemented with a `Activation(ReLU)` symbol and a `clip` symbol. But caffe does not support `clip`. Therefore, to convert MobileNetv2, you can replace all `ReLU6` to `ReLU` as `tests/classification.py` does. And of course, some errors will be introduced especially for quantized-models.      
However, as I know, some branches of caffe and some platform(such as ncnn) support `ReLU6`, please reset the type of activation layers manually if you want to deploy it to such branches or platforms.

## Support Layers
* `Convolution` -> `Convolution`
* `BatchNorm` -> `BatchNorm` & `Scale`
* `Activation` (relu only) -> `ReLU`
* `Pooling` -> `Pooling` (MAX/AVG)      
* `elemwise_add` -> `Eltwise` (ADD)
* `FullyConnected` -> `InnerProduct`
* `Flatten` -> `Flatten`
* `Concat` -> `Concat`
* `Dropout` -> `Dropout`
* `softmax` -> `Softmax`
* `transpose` -> `Permute` (caffe-ssd)
* `Reshape` -> `Reshape` (caffe-ssd)

Commit message:

Replace clip symbol with range [0,6] with Activation(relu)

README.md, after:

# Gluon Converter
Convert MXNet-Gluon model to Caffe.

## Requirements      
* python >= 3.6 (**f-string** is used in codes)
* mxnet
* gluoncv
* numpy
* caffe(optional)

## Usage
1. Construct your gluon model, for example     
    ```python
    from gluoncv import resnet18_v1
    net = resnet18_v1(pretrained=True)
    ```
2. Convert it to caffe NetParamert, for example    
    ```python
    from convert import convert_model
    text_net, binary_weights = convert_model(net, input_shape=(1,3,224,224), softmax=False, to_bgr=True)
    ```      
    For caffe, the order of inputs' channels is often **BGR** but not RGB.      
    **if you want to convert a ssd-like model in [gluoncv](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv), please use `convert_ssd_model` API but not `convert_model`.**
3. Save to files, for example
    ```python
    from convert import save_model
    save_model(text_net, binary_weights, prefix="tmp/resnet18_v1")
    ``` 

### How do I convert a ssd-like model?    
1. To fetch attributes needed by `PriorBox` and `DetectionOutput` layers, `convert_ssd_model` will extract them from [gluon-net](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv/blob/master/gluoncv/model_zoo/ssd/ssd.py#L18) and [anchors](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv/blob/276ffba742d4cfe51336a76b702647c52ebb6ee0/gluoncv/model_zoo/ssd/anchor.py#L9), [box_decoder](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv/blob/276ffba742d4cfe51336a76b702647c52ebb6ee0/gluoncv/nn/coder.py#L204), [class_decoder](https://github.com/dmlc/gluon-cv/blob/276ffba742d4cfe51336a76b702647c52ebb6ee0/gluoncv/nn/coder.py#L329) in it. 
2. Before convert symbols to caffemodel, fake symbols for priorbox and detction_output are added into the origin symbols.
3. Since `step` could not be extract from anchors in gluon-net, it will be setted by default in caffe (step=img_size/layer_size, refer to [caffe-ssd/prior_box_layer.cpp](https://github.com/weiliu89/caffe/blob/ssd/src/caffe/layers/prior_box_layer.cpp#L133-L135)).

I've tested the ssd models converted from gluoncv on [caffe-ssd](https://github.com/weiliu89/caffe/tree/ssd) and [ncnn](https://github.com/Tencent/ncnn) and they works well.

### How to convert MobileNetv2?       
`ReLU6` is one of components in MobileNetv2, which is implemented with a `clip` symbol with range `[0, 6]`. But caffe does not support `clip`. Therefore, to convert MobileNetv2, converter will replace `clip` symbol with range `[0,6]` with `Activation(relu)`. And of course, some errors will be introduced especially for quantized-models.      
However, as I know, some branches of caffe and some platform(such as ncnn) support `ReLU6`, please reset the type of activation layers manually if you want to deploy it to such branches or platforms.

## Support Layers
* `Convolution` -> `Convolution`
* `BatchNorm` -> `BatchNorm` & `Scale`
* `Activation` (relu only) -> `ReLU`
* `Pooling` -> `Pooling` (MAX/AVG)      
* `elemwise_add` -> `Eltwise` (ADD)
* `FullyConnected` -> `InnerProduct`
* `Flatten` -> `Flatten`
* `Concat` -> `Concat`
* `Dropout` -> `Dropout`
* `softmax` -> `Softmax`
* `transpose` -> `Permute` (caffe-ssd)
* `Reshape` -> `Reshape` (caffe-ssd)
* `ReLU6` -> `ReLU`
